# CultreGuide
Term Project for Object-Oriented Design Pattern Class

## Term Project Instruction

### Problem Statement: 
Since there are many people travelling or studying abroad, not all of them may have a clear view of the culture they are going to, I’m going to develop a program which is like a cultural navigation system for those travelers. To be more specific, this program will provide the user(traveler) traveling information on based on their destination and help them to avoid culture shock, local taboos or impolite behaviors before or when they are travelling abroad separated by different scenarios. Thus, the user(traveler) could avoid the awkward situations and help them to behave properly.
### Users and Stakeholders: 
This application will focus on the travelers especially those travelers who is going aboard. Those traveling agents or the custom or maybe the schools who is going to offer study aboard opportunities for the students.
### Scope:
Basically, the program will ask where you come from first, and ask your travelling destination. For my program, I will just do north America and Asia, and take the US Canada and China, Japan, South Korea as my potential countries. In the final project, I reduced the destination to China and the US. Later then, the program will ask you some scenarios: for instance, at the airport; arrived at customs -- for security aspect, I will just list the prohibited items – to answer the officers’ questions; Calling a transportation to your destination; at the place you are going to live; at a restaurant; point of interesting; and with some extra functions such as some translation of signs and the most important function: the program will list some taboos or impolite behaviors where your culture maybe fine but it is actually not appropriate in your destination. 
### Design Pattern:
This project applies the Model-View-Controller pattern, in model part it applies the strategy pattern which controls the variables such as whereTo: destination, age: to see whether a user could purchase alcohol or not in the destination, it handles all application data and logic and communicate with the observer pattern which were used to update the information due to the different destination. The user will view the information via the View part which is the output part of the program. The controller part allows users to manipulate these data and logic, thus it is a part that take the input and pass it to model. The most complex part is to deal with the different destination, since different destination may have different policies for different items. For instance, you can only purchase alcohol if you are older than 21, but in most of the other countries, you can purchase alcohol if you are older than 18. I was thinking about apply the factory pattern to this, but realized that will be too complicated to mix it with observer which is required for the MVC pattern, so I abandoned that design. My basic design was use observer to update the destination, and switch the dialogs based on these different destinations.
### How to Run:
Import the project to NetBean or other IDEs, compilers, and run the CultureTestDrive.java file. 
